how's it going guys so I came across a
few news articles today about this loan
a Jain girl on Instagram who's been
saying that she eats ten to twenty
bananas per day
she's also six months pregnant and I
just want to go into a few reasons why
this diet is extremely unhealthy for not
only herself but also for her baby so
one of the first reasons why we know
that this girl is going to die right
away is that we know that bananas are
very high in potassium and potassium is
actually very toxic to the body the body
doesn't like potassium the body doesn't
use potassium she's basically going to
become hyperkalemic and she's going to
die even though we've calculated that in
order to basically get a lethal dose of
potassium from bananas you'd actually
need to consume about 300 bananas in 30
seconds to get a lethal dose but if
she's eating 10 to 20 per day that
that's that's just too much too many
bananas another reason why she's going
to die right away is that she's not
getting enough protein this is very very
serious
if you do not consume enough protein
you're basically going to die because
the reason why so many people are dying
in this day and age is because they're
consuming too little protein so they
should be consuming protein powders
bananas only contain 4 percent of their
calories coming from protein 4 percent
that's not enough even though the World
Health Organization figured out that
humans only require two and a half
percent of your calories coming from
protein for your daily needs to
basically live healthy another reason
why she's going to die basically within
a few hours actually if she's consuming
way too much sugar too much sugar we all
know that bananas are also very high in
sugar even though the body's preferred
fuel it's glucose and sugar it's not fat
it's glucose and sugar even though we
know that eating too many bananas not
good for the body because the body
doesn't know what to do with all that
glucose and all that sugar basically
she's going to become diabetic really
really quickly if she isn't diabetic
already and this means that her baby
it's probably going to be type 1
diabetic I'm extremely concerned for it
because all that sugar the body doesn't
know what to do with it that's why when
I see diabetics I see them just sneaking
in in in bananas and dates I see them
just sneaking it and eating it all the
time that's the reason why they're
diabetic it's not because they're eating
too many
saturated fats in too many processed
foods and too much fast food that's not
the reason why they're diabetic it's
because they're eating fruit so I'm very
concerned for low need rain as well as a
host of other people you can see that
there's many comments underneath these
news articles by very educated people on
nutrition these are very educated
responses they're basically saying just
enter X if she's going to be
hyperkalemic she's going to be diabetic
you know what I I really agree and she's
also not going to be getting enough
nutrients for her baby
so there's a lot of very very educated
people on nutrition I mean they're so
educated I'm sure they've actually
experimented with a fruitarian diet
themselves by eating so much fruit but
most of these people are probably just
sitting around at McDonald's fucking
stroke in their debt anyways to wrap
this up Loney jane i think this is very
very dangerous experiment that you're
doing with your body nobody nobody lives
on so much fruit I think you're the only
one in the world there are thousands of
other people that are that are actually
thriving on fruit so I think that you
should really consider basically your
dietary intake and I think you should go
but go back to boozing it up eating lots
of McDonald's and I just live in living
how you used to because how you're
living now is not healthy it's not a
healthy way to live and we all know that
because people say fruit fruit will make
you fat fruit has too much sugar bananas
will kill you because it has too much
potassium thanks so much for watching
guys have a great day
Oh